WHAT DOES IT guys and what KMAX and how you can see that I have added some content right here and you
can see that everything is coming right here.
All the balls started coming here why you need to shift to Iowa.
And the Post has a feature of video I use to love and bug fixes and the amount is the best teacher to
me.
So this is under people revues this is under the category of Apple.
This is under the category of blogging tips and this is under the category of apples.
If I just open up the category of apple you're going to see how this is kind of look OK.
So we can edit it completely.
Do not worry about it but knowledge go to display here that that.
All these pages were coming here now to create these pages.
OK so what I'm going to do I'm just going to go to the dashboard right here and let's create the pages
so.
Because these extra gives you some of the made layouts for the pages that you can build.
So let's go to all pages right here.
Let's see which page we're going to create.
I'm going to just go ahead and really just hit this trash because we don't want to assemble page jury
here.
I don't want to go to add new Let's add a new page so you can see here in the template we have that
default template.
I'm going to go here and I need to show all the auteurs that my website has so you can create this blog
both from multiple authors like different people can come to my Web site and different people can write
post about it.
So we will be adding that first of all what we have to do I have a just and Hurby a page and that will
be auteurs.
OK.
And then here you can add some dummy content and then you have to go ahead and hit publish.
You can see this page is going to be published.
Let's wait till this is published and now let's go ahead and let's have a look at this page so you can
see if I just click here I'll be redirected to this.
And this is how it is so I have the authors right here.
This is the vigil that is coming and all the people who have added their post are coming here.
So let's just go ahead let's add a new user here and then we're going to work.
So I'm going to add a new user and more we're going to do.
We're going to go ahead.
I'm going to use a name so user name is going to be Tan's bands fans bands.
His e-mail address is going to be just one first name
man's real dad.
This OK.
Now let's go to his show password.
So the password that I want him to be should be.
Cute did your t y.
So this is a password that I have entered right here.
Confirm is a freak password.
OK let's just hide it and let's change the password.
I'm going to add a password to be this one.
OK.
And then what but I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go to because this user is the author so he can post anything about this so I'm going
to go ahead and I'm going to hit AD user.
OK.
So you can see this user has been added.
What I'm going to do right now I'm going to quickly go and add the user from them.
So I'm going to go open up incognito.
No you can press control shift and to use the Incognito window and I'm just going to go to.
As for not complete the course dot.com to see my blog.
OK what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to log in without wasting
any time.
Pete ash admin OK let's just head this and it will be taken to the admin page where we have to log in.
So let's just go ahead.
This is Tan's man.
OK.
And the password is.
Yes let's just go ahead and let's it log in answer go you can see this is like this.
OK.
When we have all these things coming right here I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit post right
here and I'm going to add in here.
I'm just going to go to add you a here and he can see that here in this content area I can post.
I can post about something like you me is the best online teaching platform.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to paste some concentrate here.
And then here I'm going to select it to be people we use because I can not add the category.
I don't have the access to attic categories.
I'm going to go down.
And then here I can have the summary so I can add any summary right here.
In this post we Sarc all about the year to me.
OK.
And when you come here I mean and a featured image as well.
And when I come here to the featured image and when you go to select file and I'm going to scrap a file
so the file is going to be just one OK.
Will this be loaded.
So this is being uploaded and is going to go to you said feature to me after this is done.
So let's wait here we go OK I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit said featured image you can
see this image still becoming great here.
I'm going to go to publish right now.
And you can see that this post will be published rayban.
So here we go.
I'm going to go to View post right here.
And let's have a look at a Web site and see you to me is the best teaching platform.
And this is coming and everything is coming I can rate it as well and the reading will be applied here.
So let's just go ahead and let's have a look at a Web site.
So this is how the Web site is looking.
You can see this post is already published this.
These are the posts that are coming right here.
I have all popular post all Topfield post and then I if I just go to authors right here then are you're
going to see that I have these right here.
He's the author and he has one single post.
OK.
This is I was just looking I since I already have added the social links.
That is why they are also coming so you can pretty well create these type of pages.
I'm going to go to discovery here and let's try to add a new post as well our sorry page.
I'm going to go to all pages and let's choose another theme right now.
So let's go to the default instead of default template.
I'm going to go to the blog feed.
So how does blog feed is going to look at a show.
All the blog posts that you have published.
I'm going to go to blog feed pay or you can just name it as all post or something like that so I'm going
to go to blog feed.
OK then let's go down and we have the standard one so it's going to select all the categories because
I want to add all the categories right here and the Post page.
So the Post Burbidge is going to be it's going to show 6 post per page and the sword ordering is going
to be descending so that it's going to show the most recent on the top.
And there we go.
And then we have the don't show the author because we don't want to show turn the display of each post
author on or off so we can also show the author if you want to and then we have show categories show
featured image so show ratings show her show date and the date format and everything is also coming
right here.
So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit paste publish right now and let's just go ahead and let's
have a look at her pace page without wasting any time.
So here we go.
You can see this is how the page is looking.
OK.
Everything is looking totally cool to me is the best online teaching platform.
Read more.
And this is coming right here and this is coming right here and everything is coming right here.
So even on these on the posts there we have added the reading the readings are also being applied.
So you can see how this is looking OK.
And then we have this read more.
OK.
So this is showing six post 1 2 3 4 5 6.
If I just come here and I just edit this page OK.
And then I add that it should show some like
two posts per page.
So I know it will look a bit much.
Funny you should many of them choose 10 polls to show at least but to post.
I know really not good.
But let's just come here and let's test it.
Basically OK I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit the page right now and you can see this.
This is the page nation that is coming right here.
And it is showing all the blog posts that I have for you now so you can pretty well make this your home
page if you want to make it home page because some people do not like so much on the blog feed on her
on their home page.
So if you wanted to be normal you can also be normal.
And then a little to show you that how can you basically delete everything from here how can you make
it look like this.
How can you add a feature slider right here above and everything is included it said don't worry.
OK so now you can see that we're totally done with this.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to add a new page right here.
Let's add a new page.
OK.
So right now I'm going to go to the contact page so I'm going to come here and in the contact you can
have the contact form title and the send email to and then you have to enter the conduct from AP Ickey.
You have to enter your Google API key to the map address so you guys already know about it because we
have used a degree already so I'm going to go to contacts right here.
And then here I have to enter the contact form title and the send email to send the emails would be
sent to this and the Mappin address is this so you don't want to add any of the map.
OK I'm going to come here to conduct Phumzile and this is going to be contact form so let's just go
ahead and let's just hit publish and he can see this is going to be published you can also use the D.V.
builder to this space.
If you do not want to go ahead.
So I'm just going to go to discourage here and let's have a look at this page to how this page is going
to look.
OK.
Here we go.
You can see this is how it is.
Can name email subject and send and everything is coming so if you do not want it to appear it can just
come here.
You can just delete it.
You can just the latest from here.
OK.
And you can use the rebuilder itself so you can insert anything you can insert columns you can insert
one column to column so if I want to insert one column you can see that I have the column inserted and
I can insert module so I can insert a cardy on audio bar counters and everything.
And you guys already know about all of these so we don't have to add any.
OK.
You can see we can add person number Kountry map posts navigation post Leider post title and every thing
that we want to add.
So we don't have to add them again but can we be.
I just wanted to show you that how it's going to look.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I don't want to update it because the contact form is looking totally
ok.
I'm just going to show you basically how these pages are created.
So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to go to page.
Let's create another page that we have right now.
So I'm going to go to a default template instead.
I want to go with the full that you guys already know about the full length.
Ok then we have the member log in so you can create a member log in page if you want to create a page
where people can basically assigning to your Web site you can just create a page and then you can enter
a log in.
So it is going to be like this.
So if I just publish it and then you can create it create an account here and then you can tell all
the people who are your subscriber or users where people can basically log into or say to if I just
open it up in the Incognito tab you can see it you are already logged in.
Am already logged in.
So if I just logged myself out and then I'm going to see how it's going to look.
So I'm just going to go to this page right here and let's go to log in OK.
And here we go.
This is how it is looking we have the user name password and then we have the log in page and then we
can log ourself.
And so we can create this page as well if you want to.
Now let's go back let's go to add new Let's add a new page as well.
OK and no here I'm going to add a timeline because this is my favorite and I really like it so I'm going
to go to timeline right here.
I'm going to name this page as time line and this is the new feature.
I've seen this feature only on this extra theme not any vear.
I just feel like it.
OK so I'm going to go ahead I'm going to hit publish right now.
And this is going to be published Let's go ahead and let's see this page.
OK.
Here we go.
This is how it is looking so it is showing this December post that when these post-war were published
if I just go to Hello World right here and then I just basically added this post OK.
And I want to change the post of the published date.
So I'm going to go to this right here and I'm going to change the Publish state to be 12th December.
I'm going to choose November and I'm going to hit update right now.
OK.
And then I go back
and then I go to the timeline right here.
Then you can see this post is coming right here in November so you can see if I just quoted the November
a here this November will be selected and I can even just click here and I can see this is down and
see if I click here it's going to take me down to November.
So it is just the Facebook style.
Like if we open up anyone's profile it's going to show like that.
So this is how this timeline works.
You can also make this post your main page if you want to because this is also really helpful You can
also make the blog feed.
I just basically like the blog feed most if I've wanted to create a blog ever.
Definitely go with this team because this team gives you so much of things that you can add.
Ok so now we totally done.
OK.
We are a bit of done with these pages.
You guys already know about the portfolios.
If you want to add a portfolio you can do attitude or any know.
And then we have the site so let's add a sitemap suicide map is going to basically get all the links
from you say OK.
And then it's going to add them.
So it's just go ahead.
Let's just select all and let's add this right now.
OK.
And then I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish.
It's going to Gabb get all the links to you and say.
And then it's going to add those in them in the page so I'm going to go to you page right here.
And then here you will see how all the links are coming so you can see recent post archives.
And the authors and the categories the pages and the tags as well.
So since we haven't added any of the tag that is why this is not appearing and you can see that we already
have the basic idea of how this team Maurits and you can pretty well decide that this team is looking
pretty amazing.
We haven't designed this team and still this team is looking so amazing.
If it does go down I want to add that rating.
You can also add the rating and let's go ahead and let's go to actuary now so you can see how amazing
this is.
And in the top rated You can see the top rated posts are coming so this is fully ready to fight.
And this is four star rated so this is how they are coming.
So they're looking so amazing so thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And in the next video we'll be moving on with more functionalities so stay tuned.
And by.